---
title: "Friends share all things"
component: "Beacon Manager"
version: "1.11.0"
date: 2015-02-04 10:21:00 +1
---
# Improvements/ Changes/ New Features

## App Sharing

Every company can now share its apps with other companies. They have to enter the company email address into the form and hit “Share” - That’s it. (BM-514)
The app edit view shows the list of companies an app is shared with. (BM-998)
The app owner can decide to unshare each app with certain third-parties again. (BM-938)
The third-party is informed about changes via email.
Shared apps are shown in the list of apps with an eye-symbol in the actions column.
Their API-key is not exposed to third-parties.
The third-party can not edit app details.
Shared apps can be added to campaigns just like owned ones. (BM-920)

## Beacon Sharing
All of the above but with beacons. (BM-513, BM-919, BM-944, BM-986)
Clicking on a beacon shared with you opens its detail view. Editing is not possible for third-parties.

## Beacon Editing
A user can now select from a variety of known third-party beacon provider UUIDS. These known UUIDs will appear shortened as well in list views. (BM-984)
The suggest new beacon ID functionality is now a text link next to the section headline instead of a button. This increases the visibility of the submit button and decreases the weight of this  less important feature. (BM-783)

## New Logo
The logo is now up to date with the current CI. (BM-970)

## Fixes
* lastActivity row in beacons list view works again (BM-843, BM-807)
* action icons are now always aligned to the right in listviews (BM-1038)
* The UUID text input field for manual entry, is enabled even when the value of * beacon.proximityId is empty. (BM-1047)
* Sorting one table lead to all tables being sorted that way. Each table is now * sorted independently. (BM-1027)