---
layout: post
title: "iOS SDK v2"
date: 2016-02-15 01:00:00 +1
comments: true
tags: ios sdk
---

Today we're launching v2 of our SDK, a complete re-write with big speed and overall improvements.  
While v1 of the SDK is still available, we have deprecated it and will remove support soon.  

Transitioning from v1 to v2 is fairly easy. One of the bigest changes is the new callback model which uses an [Event Bus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Publish%E2%80%93subscribe_pattern) instead of the old (and fairly bug-prone) delegate model.

To initialize the SDK simply call 
{% highlight objc %}
[[SBManager sharedManager] setApiKey:APIKey delegate:self]
{% endhighlight  %}
or in Swift  
{% highlight swift %}
SBManager.sharedManager().setApiKey(APIKey, delegate: self)
{% endhighlight  %}
Hey, you said you're not using the delegate anymore ...   
True - the delegate in this call is not a "real" delegate per se, but the "subscriber".  

In the new SDK, the SBManager will publish events pertaining to beacon detection and campaign firing. To receive these events you will need to "REGISTER" and to act upon these events you will need to SUBSCRIBE to each individual event you want to receive.  

In the above case, the "delegate" is actually the class instance that will receive the event. If you need to receive events in other class instances, you can simply call `REGISTER()`.  
  
Once we initialised the SBManager we can subscribe to the events we want by simply calling

{% highlight objc %}
SUBSCRIBE(SBEventPerformAction) {
    // here we have access to the "event", which contains all relevant information about the campaign
}
{% endhighlight  %}

Of course, you will still need to ask your users access to location services. For this you need to add a key in the .plist file named `NSLocationAlwaysUsageDescription` 
  
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
